[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When we understand our
connection with source,
we actually are
light architects.
When we work in
resonance with the higher
levels of consciousness, and
they invite the assistance,
you can use consciousness
and your energies
and work in unison,
and you can amplify
what is there, which
may be inactive
or needing more energetic flow.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So it depends on
what level and depth
that you're being
asked to assist
and what level and depth is
your consciousness working with.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When we look at
the fractalization,
we also look at the
sacred geometry,
and we were looking at
those geometric forms,
well, you can use all
of these to actually set
connection lines to different
areas that need the attention.
Now, you have to
work in resonance
and with the mother, the
great mother, or the higher
levels of consciousness.
When they need something,
they'll tell you.
And that's when they give you
the actual extra assistance
in setting these energy lines
for consciousness purpose.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So imagine a whole lot of
these waves coming together.
The flower opens and
many layers of the petal
as you start to feel the deep
resonance of the vortex energy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The work you're doing with
others is I think so profound
because you're helping everyone
find that super position,
a sense, right?
That's what essentially
what quantum navigation is.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> It's to--
>> Find it within you, because
everything is inside of you.
And unless you work
through the shadows,
you can't get to that
soft zero point, right?
When all the--
>> And what we did the other
night with the meditations
and then the--
navigating the meditation
or explaining and working
through that and just
describing the archetypes
and describing the challenges
through the meditations,
you're able to help people
find their map, so to say.
>> Yes, yes.
>> So they can navigate the
quantum reality to then find
their superposition.
So I'm finding the words for,
what is quantum navigation
as we're doing this.
And I'm like, oh, OK.
>> This is a really beautiful
point because what I found--
remember, I was talking
about the Daoist yoga.
There's a fine line between
mind and consciousness.
And we can't change ourselves
until we see ourselves
differently.
So we've been contextualized to
be the mind and the character
and the inner tyrant.
That's the one that really
checks your progress
and keeps the thumb
on top of you.
Well, as you work through those
areas and start to move out
and into the quantum
more, you usually
find the Navigator as you go
through a lot of shadow work.
You find it through a lot
of deep inner challenges.
And as you get to this
place where you're really
kind of-- like, in
yoga, you've got
to pay attention to
that point where,
like you're saving
your hair from fire
or saving your head from fire.
You're paying that
much attention
to going in deep
into meditation.
And if you get to
that still point,
then the Navigator can begin
to share because you're nice
and still and quiet.
Then it wants to communicate,
it wants to help.
Now, the Navigator knows
it's like our singularity.
The job of the singularity
is to take what is rigid,
what is material, and return it
to wave, right, separate wave
and particle, but reduce
it down even into more.
So it's reducing entanglements
into superposition.
That's the job.
>> So you're talking about the
Navigator as if it's its own
being or consciousness.
>> Right, I propose that a
black hole, the singularity,
is consciousness itself.
So the singularity that's
in the center of our being,
the center of our heart,
is a representative
of knowing exactly--
and you have the side
that draws everything in.
When it gets to
the singularity, it
disassembles any architecture
and returns it back
into superfluidity
or superposition.
And then it's free to
go out again and be
everywhere and nowhere.
So the singularity is conscious.
And so your Quantum
Navigator is trying
to return your awareness
where we have these belief
systems and these emotions
that are entangled,
it's trying to show you
and give you shadow work
to do by repeating it over
and over until you can see it
in a different light.
>> Kind of see
through the illusion.
>> Right.
>> It's like Morpheus giving Neo
the download so he knows Kung
Fu and all these things,
so getting these codes,
in a sense, to
navigate the matrix.
>> Right.
So using your metaphor
of "The Matrix,"
it's when Morpheus says to
Neo, stop trying to hit me
and hit me.
>> Right, yeah.
>> You got to know
you are, right?
So we're changing then.
We're so contextualized
to being in this, right,
it wants to return
us to the knowledge
that we are the continuum.
So it will use whatever
metaphor, whatever symbol,
that's specifically your--
it's familiar to
your inner landscape
so it'll communicate
in that way.
>> Which is sort of
like an archetype.
>> Yes.
And so the Navigator,
it always is
pointing to the same thing, no
matter what it's trying to use.
And it uses some amazing
metaphors, archetypes--
>> Synchronicities.
>> Yes, but it's all
pointing to the same thing.
We're not the character.
We're the--
>> Observer.
>> Yes.
>> And the character.
>> The Observer,
character, and the source.
And so, it's always trying
to point to that thing.
And it knows where you're
at, so it's giving you
metaphors or lessons.
So when we go into the
experience and the meditation
experience, and I have
the individual's journal.
Then when they come back, then
we take turns interpreting.
Well, I'll interpret
for them for a while,
so that they can get a feel
for how their Navigator is
trying to communicate these
quantum qualities that are you.
Like I said about the
egg, the cosmic egg.
When we're ready
to go out of 3D,
then it starts disassembling
the boundaries.
And, eventually, you're in
the quantum, and it's dark.
And this is where we meet that
shaman's death, dark night
of the soul.
And I call it the fugue or the--
and the crucible.
Because we burn away the
shadow issues, and our--
the Navigator doesn't--
won't allow you to pull
your attention away
into distraction.
When things hurt, you pay
more attention, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So it's like when the pain
and suffering nearly equals
the resistance you
have to awakening,
then something can
change inside you.
You can change from the
architecture of the character
to the quantum being.
So now we can make a difference.
So in the group, that's
what I tried to do,
is just be a
steward for a while.
I asked people when
they're having--
they've been around the block.
You can't get it all in one go.
If you read one book,
it's not going to help.
It's experiential.
And you've got to
go through the fire.
It can't be here.
It's got to be done in your
naked vulnerability and you
facing the fire in the fugue
when you don't have a landscape
anymore, and it doesn't--
you don't know which end is up.
And all your issues
are right there.
As you go through
that, the Navigator
is always so
unconditionally loving.
Never judges you, but shows
you directly in your language
what you're stumbling over.
And that's what I
try to interpret,
but everybody gets
experience in interpreting
all these different ways that
the Navigator is communicating.
Until they get to
the point where
they can start to
interpret for themselves.
Then they've got
their own Navigator.
That's your real--
no matter what, you
move into the infinite void.
How are you going to navigate?
Well, first, you got to know
who and what you are, really.
You've got to know
where source is,
and you got to know that
the Observer is always
trying to communicate
through you, to you,
and navigate you through
your experiences.
>> So, in a sense, you're giving
people a language to understand
their own language?
>> Yes.
>> So they can
understand themselves?
>> Right.
>> So, as I mentioned before,
I do a lot of similar work with
Marquette, who's
also in the show,
and the dream council work.
Because we look at the
archetypes and the situations
in our dream work.
These characters that are ours.
We're creating-- they're
mirrors of who we are.
And then, we get to
interpret and discover
different aspects
of ourselves that
are telling us everything we
need to know every night when
we go to bed.
That's amazing.
>> That sounds so similar.
>> It's very similar.
>> If it's done in that pure--
in that understanding of
what pure consciousness
is versus mind, and character,
and the inner tyrant.
>> Because those
are all filters?
>> Yes.
>> Those are all just filters
that are making those--
the Navigator's job really
difficult. Because we're
>> We listen to the
other form the Navigator.
The Navigator, remember, has
that pre-context assistance
without interference.
So when you're still,
I'll talk to you.
I'll share everything,
but you got to be so still
and empty that teacup.
Then they can fill it.
>> And this is something that
was said the other night.
Lyssa had talked about the
language of the higher self
like it's a metaphysical
buzzword now.
It's like, my inner self.
My inner self, my inner
self, my inner self.
But, in a sense, the higher
self is the quantum Navigator?
>> Yes.
>> In one way of looking
at what the higher self is.
>> And I loved how she explained
it, because it was so spot on.
And if you took off a lot of
the overlay-- because everybody
puts some form of overlay
on it and expectation on it.
But what really
helps you clarify
what the Navigator is,
or even a higher self,
is the realization of who
and what you really are.
And that comes over time
of many, many challenges
and the defining between
consciousness and mind.
Mind won't define you
always in the character,
whereas consciousness
will always
return you to the beingness.
>> And it's the one thing that
this work also points out,
and you have to acknowledge--
which is why I think this work
is so advanced.
Is there's not a single
language, universal--
the universal language is that.
Is that everyone's
language is different.
The saying that I keep going
in, especially recently
and keep going back to, is
the unity and diversity.
Which is what the
Indigenous say, the ET say,
is the common language
that we all have is
that we're all different.
And if we can just respect
that we're all different,
and understand that, that's the
one thing that unifies us all.
And in a sense, what it
sounds like with this quantum
navigation technique
and work is you're
letting everybody have
their own language
to define their
reality and their way.
And that's unifying all of this.
>> Yes.
Well said.
The quantum Navigator
speaks in universal terms.
And so, as you get
a little familiar,
you go around the circle
a number of times.
And like a spiral,
you begin to see
from a much greater overview,
a much expanded view of it.
And the one thing that's
common through all of it
is understanding that that
singularity, its main job
is to take what
has been formulated
and move it back into fluidity.
And we are literally everything.
And so, if you understand
those elements,
then you can see how
the language is speaking
universally but in
those archetypal means,
or those hieroglyphic means,
or however it's coming.
And so, it's fascinating to see
the language of each person's
quantum Navigator
trying to communicate.
Because the one thing that's
really universal is it's--
and it's patient beyond measure.
But it's wanting us to go
deeper into our unconsciousness.
As we go deeper into our shadows
and into our own consciousness,
then it brightens
everything else up.
Anything that moves inside
of that darkness lights up.
>> Is it OK to take a break?
Not from the interview,
but from the shadow work?
Can there be a place where you
can just hover and say, OK.
Because it can be--
it's challenging.
It's a lot of work to face
your demons all the time.
And they're unlimited.
The demons are unlimited.
They're never going to end
until we go out of our bodies,
but I guess what I'm asking
is, do you ever get tired?
And do you just take a break?
>> Yes.
Yes.
There's times when you
don't know how you're
going to make it the next day.
And part of this
work is showing you
beyond where-- it's almost like
the work of the horse dance.
To go beyond the mind,
get beyond the emotions,
and beyond the body.
And the limitations of the body.
And there, you
find the true self.
But, at any moment,
there's infinite patience.
>> So there's no
pressure to do it?
>> The only pressure there is
is coming from the inner tyrant.
>> The inner whip cracker
of yourself saying,
go face those demons.
>> And that's part of
the disassembly process,
is finding out that architecture
that our inner tyrant has over
us.
That keeps us on the hamster
wheel of duty, obligation,
self-sacrifice.
We'll sacrifice ourselves
for what reason?
Who's talking to you?
Understand what voice that
is that's coming to you.
But this is a process.
This is a long process of
really looking at ourselves
in such depth and clarity.
And it's so great to have
that finesse of seeing
mind and consciousness.
When you move into them and
have access to consciousness,
then you can see where you're
pushing all the buttons,
and you're repeating voices that
you've been Pavlovianly trained
through all of life's dynamics
in this lifetime or another.
That's part of the
process, and that's
what gives us our
deep compassion,
is when we face those things.
We feel in every one the very--
we're fractals.
Everyone has the same wounds.
They contextualize
it differently,
but our compassion,
and our understanding,
and appreciation
grows to such a degree
that you just have respect.
>> And then, you start to have
that patience that the quantum
has, because you understand it.
>> You don't push anybody to
go do this and go do that.
You don't become a tyrant.
>> You recognize that everybody
has their own process,
and that it's all this divine--
>> Can I insert something?
>> Yes.
>> Just I don't know why I'm
getting yelled at to talk
for you to mention this about
what you're just talking about.
>> We need to do--
She's fine.
>> But we have to remember,
we're not the doer in this.
So there are times where
we might have the shovel,
and we're trying to dig into it.
And there's nothing
there, because the QN
knows it's a waveform.
So there are times-- right?
So you should talk about that.
>> Well, yes.
You can get obsessive about any
shadow, like the typical male.
I want to get it all done now.
>> Well, yes.
That's what I was thinking.
That's why I said that, was
because someone like me who's
obsessive compulsive
in many ways
would want to get those demons
out until there's no demons
left.
And I want to ascend to
the highest plane possible
in this lifetime
tomorrow or tonight.
>> I'm on it.
>> We're going to go
meditate right now.
We're going to go leave the
body and go to the next one too.
>> And then, I'm free.
>> And then I'm free.
That's what I meant
by taking a break,
because I know
there's people like me
out there watching this that
are going to quit navigation.
Come on, run!
I need it now.
I need to ascend tomorrow.
Let's make it happen.
>> I've got a
schedule, you know.
>> I've got a schedule.
I need enlightenment yesterday.
Because there are
those archetypes there,
we would just--
and then, we'd
burn ourselves out.
>> Yes.
Not only that, but we--
I'm male, so I have a
little of that, also.
I have a little Virgo in
there even though I'm Pisces.
But I understand that
wanting to dive right in
and just keep going
until you finish it all.
But, again, we're
looking at our ability
to move to the quantum, past
the mind into the quantum.
In the quantum, that's
where you dump the teacup.
And when you can dump the
teacup of all your concerns,
and you're sitting
fulfilled, you
can then begin to
determine, am I
getting overly-obsessed
with going and tracking it?
Now, the quantum
Navigator knows when
you need rest, so,
sometimes, it'll there
and shows you the whiz bang.
And it is delicious.
And then, it gives you time
to work on those things.
You may just go into the inner
darkness, but when it's dark,
you put your attention on
feeling deeper, broader,
getting more naked.
And taking in the quantum and
revitalizing, resuscitating,
and rebalancing yourself from
that quantum perspective.
And you feel whole, balanced,
and clear, and clean.
When it's ready, it comes.
Because if you go into
the quantum going,
hey, I want to work on this.
Assistance without interference.
You're not still.
>> Assistance
without interference.
>> On your own stuff, too.
Working on you has to
be that still place.
And sometimes, we need
a lot of revitalization,
and they're putting--
they're getting ready to give
you another piece of the puzzle
to show yourself, and you
need what they've given you
processing inside
of you, letting
it ground deep inside you, to
be ready for when they give you
the next piece that adjoins
the previous pieces.
And it expands the view of
what you need to work on.
So there are those times
when you just need to rest.
>> So in a sense, even if
you wanted to do the work,
you have to--
it does its own work.
>> And that's teaching us.
Let go.
Because if you're
chasing your problems,
what are you creating?
In a quantum system, what
you propagate populates.
>> So you're just going to
create more problems that maybe
don't even need to be worked on.
I see.
That makes sense.
And in a sense,
the Wim Hof method
has been really helpful for
me in that sense, because--
>> I love that man
and that system.
>> Because you can't force it.
You have to gently expose
yourself to the cold.
I guess you could.
And I did it, and I
ended up getting sick.
But it wasn't until
I just really tuned
in and did a little bit here.
Then you add another
minute, and then, you
add another minute
or 30 seconds.
And then, you
slowly add the cold
as your body can take
it without forcing it.
And then, eventually, over a
period of-- for me, months.
It took months before I could
go for a cold dip in the lake.
But I got there, and
it was like, oh, wow.
You can do this.
But it is that you can't--
it's finding that it's really
tuning into your body to find
where that push pull is.
Where you can't just
dive into the cold,
or there's some bad
things that'll happen.
Like catching a cold, or you
could get hypothermia and die,
I guess, on the worst case.
>> And with the work
with the quantum,
it's constantly sending you into
your darkness without a map,
without a reference point.
And it feels like no gravity.
And that feels like the fugue
shaman's death or dark night
of the soul, and the crucible
is constantly burning edges.
So how long can
you stay in that?
And that's our measure.
It's testing our mettle because,
in truth, we are consciousness.
So, eventually,
you're like Daniel.
You can stand in the
middle of the fire,
and it's not burning you.
A biblical reference.
But the quantum is getting
you used to its forces
until you transform
even those forces.
Then it starts showing
you how to see.
It takes non-duality
to see in the dark.
Darkness is polarized,
because we polarize it.
But if we find
non-duality, and that
takes a lot of fuguing
before you let go of it
and allow non-duality
to come back together.
Then you get the
diamond clarity.
So you can see in there.
>> When you said, diamond
clarity, what does that mean?
The shape of the diamond, or
just clear like a diamond?
>> Let's use the
reference of crystals.
Crystals, quartz crystals.
One of their unique properties
is they can take sunlight,
and whatever is missing within
any of the bands, the frequency
bands, it likes to homogenize.
So it likes to balance light, so
that all the spectrum is equal.
And then, in a crystal, it
cannot work with infrared
or ultraviolet.
Now, if we take a
diamond, in a diamond,
it can take infrared
and ultraviolet,
but it has a unique quality.
Because under the constants of
maximum pressure and maximum
heat, it has forced
all of the electrons
to move into ultimate alignment.
So there's ultimate
transparency.
So a diamond no longer
polarizes light.
So it's a great metaphor then.
Going into our darkness
and integrating,
we move into a diamond level.
Diamond is non-dualistic.
So it can see both are equal,
polarized spectrum light
and darkness.
They're both equal, and
when we can see that,
we no longer project
anything on either.
Then, we move into
a non-duality.
Same with looking at ourself.
Our own issues,
our own shadows, we
have used like a patchwork
quilt of history, identity,
and personality.
This is good.
This is bad, but
we've stitched them
all together to make up
this history, identity,
and personality.
And so, we're good
and bad, and we're
trying to fix and fill all
of those vacant spots where
we see that we're not
quite good enough.
But when you see
the true you, then
you accept all those
patchwork quilts and go, no.
>> It's just all one quilt.
>> It's all one, yes, and you
accept all of those shadow
traumas, dramas, pains,
chains, and all those things.
And they come back
into the non-duality.
So they've finished
their polarization,
because your consciousness
has moved through that
filtering into accepting all.
So you see clearly.
That's diamond consciousness.
The center of our singularity
is the very same thing.
It is a diamond.
They have the metaphor
of the eye of the needle.
The eye of the
needle is so small,
and it takes non-dualistic
consciousness
to sit in the center of that.
And you've seen
the geometric form
of the Christ consciousness
grid holding all the other grids
within it.
And the diamond rays coming out
from the center, the diamond
diagonals, represent
the connecting point
we have with all things.
It's diamond consciousness,
seeing clearly.
>> Beautiful.
Wow.
So where do we go from here?
I guess we'll just keep
doing the work, right?
And we keep relaxing,
and relaxing into it,
and releasing--
becoming transparent and
releasing our attachment
to duality.
And recognizing the shadow as a
tool to get us to these higher
states.
>> And then, by having
those frequent journeys
into the quantum, you're
rebalancing, reevaluating,
revitalizing yourself.
So there comes a point
when the quantum, which
is infinitely conscious,
it comes through you.
And it goes, hey, look.
I got a job for you.
And so, it sets almost
like a quantum bridge,
and it puts it out to you.
Hey, here's the next
thing for your journey.
But when you get it
from the quantum,
you know that that bridge,
and opening that door,
and moving into
that new reality is
going to be filled
with all the things
that are just right for
you to challenge yourself
in all the ways you need.
Almost like a
pregnant mother has
to go through so
much birthing pains
to get ready for the
new consciousness
that it's about to birth.
So the quantum
does the same thing
by offering us these new
ventures in our life.
Something new, something
different, something unknown.
Maybe a little scary,
because you can't
predict what's going to happen.
You have to walk into
that new paradigm.
>> Like going after
crystal skulls?
>> Yes, yes, yes.
You have such an
interesting life.
I love your stories and
the people you work with.
>> Thank you for helping give
me a map to navigate this crazy
life.
It's so much fun to have.
If I didn't have
the map, I don't
think I'd be brave
enough to go through it.
So it's fun.
>> Well, let's
journey some more,
and go to some power spots,
and read some sacred geometry,
and tie more things
together with all of this.
>> Absolutely.
So for the layman,
the other day,
we were at a quantum
navigation session.
And we'll show some
elements of that,
but there was a
lot to it to show--
I can't just show
the whole thing,
because it was a four
or five hour session
when we're all said
and done with it.
Could you just walk us
through the process?
And then, perhaps,
give some tips
for people who may not be able
to come to a session in-person
or access you right away?
What are some things that people
can do some quantum navigation
at home?
>> Well, what would really help
is if a small group of very
dedicated individuals got
together that could really be
vulnerable, and you could
communicate on shadow issues
together.
You can expose your wounds
and your shadows together.
And you know, and you
trust that you're going
to be supportive of sharing it.
So, in the beginning of
our evening sessions,
the first thing we try
to do is try to find out
what repeating issues--
and we meet once a week.
So we try to find out
what repeating issues have
you noticed coming
up that bother you?
>> From that week?
>> From that week.
Yes.
If nothing from that week,
then select or pick a few.
We all share.
>> We've got many
weeks to choose from.
Many issues.
Many weeks of issues.
>> Take me.
So we start off with that,
sharing those issues.
That gets everybody
onto the same plane.
>> The vulnerable
plane in a sense?
>> Yes, vulnerable plane.
And that really
sets the groundwork
for doing the meditation work.
Now, I found
particular music that
helps me move into
that quantum state.
But I've practiced
quite a bit, so let
me give you a few little tips.
For the, let's say, new person.
Maybe they're even
new to meditation.
Of course, you want to
make yourself comfortable.
You want to be in
an upright position,
spine supported and such.
And work with this
gently, but begin
to notice rhythmic breathing.
Now, everybody
has their cadence,
so it's good to start
off with a five second--
if this is new to you.
--five second inhale,
five second exhale.
But you want to work
and get it longer,
but you don't want to force.
Never force your breathing.
The reason why you want
to go to eight seconds--
ultimately, you want to
get to an eight seconds,
because the whole
body dynamics works
on an eight second rhythm.
And as you move to the eight
second rhythm nice and low,
deep down into the
belly breathing,
it will help then bring the
mind from the dissonance
of the day, the beta
level of consciousness.
By watching that breathing,
getting familiar with it,
you'll--
at first, it'll be--
the mind will want
to track all over the place.
But you keep inviting it.
You don't force the mind.
You just invite it
back to the breathing,
help the mind stay
on the breathing.
Eventually, when you
relax into the breathing,
then you start to
move out of beta.
And you start to notice a
little more coherent energy,
a little more integrated
energy in its alpha.
Move into the alpha
brainwave states and so on.
It'll help move you
deeper and deeper.
So those are doing.
Those are doing processes.
And I can give you a list,
and we can place this out
for those that are interested.
My wife made this up.
It's really a detailed
list of the steps of moving
from the doer to not doing.
So you want to get so
relaxed in the breathing
that you start to notice
the brainwave changes,
and you start to move
eventually into not doing.
So from the not doing
stage, this is--
I took quite a number of
years of doing horse dance
training to find the
point between the mind
and the consciousness.
When you go beyond the
mind, beyond the emotions,
there, you'll find
the true self.
So you can do that
if you understand
moving from the doing state
and moving into the beingness
state.
So as you're into
the not doing state,
is you allow your breathing
to move deeper into that.
You get into that not doing
state and just abide there.
Remember, the
stillness like a pond.
You want the pond and
all the eddy currents
to come to complete stillness.
So all the turbidity--
it's a good metaphor
for all the stuff
in the mind and the emotions.
--to drop.
When they drop, then you
have a different sense.
That allows you to move into
a heightened sense, where
you begin to look at--
You can sense
yourself in the chair,
and you can begin to see
yourself, observe yourself.
So this process of moving
from doing to not doing
is essential in the stilling.
Then abiding in that stilling.
Soon, as you practice-- this
may not happen the first time.
But as you keep going
back there, at some point,
you begin to hear something
communicating to you.
Or it'll give you
a vision, or it'll
give you a feeling that's
a heightened sense.
And this is the
beginning of the process
of learning to tap into that.
>> Reach the quantum?
>> Yes.
To reach the quantum to move
into the access of the quantum
Navigator.
>> And then, many of the
folks there the other night,
they had these almost
like a dream in a sense.
Visions and sensations that,
then, they shared after that.
And then, from there, what can
you go-- what happens next?
>> Well, as you go
into meditation,
choosing your favorite music
that helps you move into that
very still state and abide
there at least for 30 minutes
at the beginning.
If you can get to
that point, where
you can stay in that
abiding state of not doing,
this is where--
And it's especially
if you have someone
that has had the experience
of the quantum Navigator.
And there's books
written on this
that it transfers
in the silence.
And so, it begins
to communicate to--
it's your Navigator, but it
spawns the communication.
It makes it faster.
That's why I say,
working in a group
is really a quicker way of
accessing your own Navigator.
>> I'm a little confused
when you say that.
So the quantum Navigator
in a group sense
starts to-- there's
connections that
are made there with the group
and the collective archetypal
experiences?
Or?
>> Yes.
Because we're not the
character, we're the Navigator.
And the Navigator is--
>> It's a large consciousness?
>> --continuum of consciousness.
So you have one individual
that's connected with that.
It starts helping stimulate.
It makes it easier.
When two people are meditating
together, all of a sudden,
you move into deeper say.
You can feel more.
It's the same kind of
principle with that.
It's nonverbal.
It just happens.
And so, access starts
happening in that case.
Anyway, people will
have them as they
get familiar with
abiding in that state,
and the communication starts
to happen with the quantum
Navigator.
The Navigator will
show you exactly what
is appropriate for you and
may take you on a journey.
So there may be a
series of events
that occur in this
heightened state
that it impacts you so
viscerally in your being state.
Not in the mind,
in the beingness,
because you get to feel the
information coming in to you
from all over.
And that really helps
you refine the definition
between mind and conscious.
And consciousness
hits you all over.
It's like a voice or
a frequency that's
hitting from all directions.
Whereas the mind, it's
pretty familiar with.
So when people have
that experience,
then what we do for the first
five to 10 minutes immediately
when they come back after that
30 minute or 40 minute time
is begin to journal
everything, every nuance
that you remember viscerally
in that experience.
And then, we can
start to translate
what the communication
was in that case.
Like I said, the Navigator
is interested in returning
your consciousness to the whole
of you outside of the character
or outside of the cosmic egg.
Redefine your beingness.
>> And then, do you see if more
of these groups can do this
in their satellites?
Then there would be a collective
bigger quantum navigation thing
happening over the planet?
>> That would be amazing.
>> The future of this work?
>> That would be amazing, yes.
>> Then we're all
syncing up in the same--
>> To have that much confidence
in what you're getting,
and what, and how
to interpret that?
For that purpose
of reminding you?
Remember, we fell asleep.
We went unconscious.
So it's trying to
awaken you to who
and what you really are
across the continuum.
So when you awaken
to that, no place
can you be lost anymore, because
the internal navigation is all
here.
So once a person finds
that internal navigation,
they can never be lost.
You know where to
find it inside you.
And wherever the
Navigator takes you--
and the Navigator will take
you on these most amazing--
in deeper darkness and have
you meet amazing aspects
of yourself.
And we started this off
somewhat about talking
about all those ETs and how
frightening that was at first.
The character was so alien.
The quantum wants
to show you, no.
The whole saying is you--
the whole continuum is you,
dark and light.
And when you stop polarizing
it, then you can embrace it all
and start to steward all those
parts all back into the oneness
again.
>> I was just going to say,
probably these other ET
civilizations, some of the
lesser density ones probably
are already born into having
access to the quantum Navigator
as a tool that's
in their society.
It seems like we've turned
that aspect of our--
turned it off, and now, we're
moving into a society that
has access to this now.
Or is remembering
that we have access.
>> I have a wonderful
theory about that,
and that's that
26,000 year cycle.
So half of the cycle
is in 13,000 years.
You're under the Galactic disk.
In the underside of
the Galactic disk,
that's when we move
into forgetfulness,
into full separation.
So remember, dark energy,
repulsive and revulsive.
So when we went even
more unconscious
into full separation,
everything,
every fractal is scary.
>> Including the Navigator.
>> Yes.
Even that.
We fear the God we are.
So when we return, and we
go through this in stages
and slowly.
And we start waking
up-- and Krishna even
said, don't try to wake
them up in the Kaliyuga.
You're wasting your time.
But as we return to
the Galactic medium,
and we start moving
above it, then, you
can't help but remember.
No, that's me.
That's me.
That other is me.
And you don't feel the
alienness and the repulsiveness.
The magnets turn from
repulsion to attraction.
These are my parts.
>> The other side of
that toroidal field.
>> Yes.
And we remember.
That's part of the pain,
part of the abandonment.
Original abandonment is
when we all separated,
and that was painful.
And so, now, as we're awakening,
that's the joy of this.
Is that we're on that cusp
of beginning to realize we're
stewarding them back here.
They're waiting for that
awakening to take place in us.
>> Which connects back to the
interview we did with Lyssa
for the contact work, and how
all of these are just aspects.
All of this is just,
again, a further reflection
of remembering our
interconnectedness of who we
are and coming back together.
So cool.
>> So phenomenal.
Just amazing.
>> Well, thank you for
shepherding these modalities
and offering these tools
to our viewers here.
To me to having
this conversation.
To just being a
big part of this.
I think you're a rather large
cog in this cosmic awakening
wheel.
So thank you very much.
>> Well, thank you so much
for your work, and you're--
I never told you
this, but you're
quite an inspiration
to me I watch you.
Yes.
>> So we're meeting
each other here.
Awesome.
Well, thanks, Ron.
Big hugs?
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yes, that's fun.
>> I had no idea how you were
going to unravel this thing.
I was like, sweating.
>> I know.
I hugged you.
>> So answer the question.
>> Just yes.
Trying to do the lightness face.
Who are you?
I know that first question.
Deer in my headlights.
>> I know.